Document how to select non-default AAD tenant (#26572)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-net: sdk/identity/Azure.Identity/README.md

 - Azure PowerShell - If the developer has authenticated an account via the Azure PowerShell `Connect-AzAccount` command, the `DefaultAzureCredential` will authenticate with that account.
 - Interactive - If enabled the `DefaultAzureCredential` will interactively authenticate the developer via the current system's default browser.

> > Override the default Azure Active Directory tenant by using the setting the `AZURE_TENANT_ID` environment variable or providing the `DefaultAzureCredential` constructor with `DefaultAzureCredentialOptions` and provide the tenant Id like `new DefaultAzureCredentialOptions( VisualStudioCodeTenantId = tenantId)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Override the default Azure Active Directory tenant by setting the `AZURE_TENANT_ID` environment variable or by configuring one of the TenantId properties on `DefaultAzureCredentialOptions`. For example: `new DefaultAzureCredentialOptions( VisualStudioCodeTenantId = tenantId)`.
```
